{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl {\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue238;}{\b {\pard\fs0{\pard\fs20\sb40\par}{\pard\fs45Sequence of Operation:\sb40\par}{\pard\fs11\sb40\par}\sb40\par}}{\b {\pard\fs0{\pard\fs11\sb40\par}{\pard\fs31HVAC Mode\sb40\par}{\pard\fs5\sb40\par}\sb40\par}}{{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa40\sl276\slmult1\lang22\f0\fs22 {\pntext\tab}{The unit shall be capable of receiving HVAC mode commands from the network. When no network commands are present the unit shall operate in Auto mode and operate to maintain designated setpoints.}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{Network commands include heat, morning warmup, cool, night purge, precool, and off.}\par}{\b {\pard\fs0{\pard\fs11\sb40\par}{\pard\fs31Occupancy\sb40\par}{\pard\fs5\sb40\par}\sb40\par}}{{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa40\sl276\slmult1\lang22\f0\fs22 {\pntext\tab}{The occupancy status of the unit is determined by a network occupancy command or space sensor auxiliary contact.}\par}{\b {\pard\fs0{\pard\fs11\sb40\par}{\pard\fs31Space Setpoint\sb40\par}{\pard\fs5\sb40\par}\sb40\par}}{{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa40\sl276\slmult1\lang22\f0\fs22 {\pntext\tab}{The space temperature setpoint shall be calculated based on occupancy status and HVAC mode.}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{The user can adjust the final setpoints at the space sensor.}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{The thermostat internal sensor is configured as the space temperature input.}\par}{\b {\pard\fs0{\pard\fs11\sb40\par}{\pard\fs31Space Humidity\sb40\par}{\pard\fs5\sb40\par}\sb40\par}}{{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa40\sl276\slmult1\lang22\f0\fs22 {\pntext\tab}{Space humidity shall be monitored and an alarm shall be triggered when humidity is out of acceptable range.}\par}{\b {\pard\fs0{\pard\fs11\sb40\par}{\pard\fs31Heating\sb40\par}{\pard\fs5\sb40\par}\sb40\par}}{{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa40\sl276\slmult1\lang22\f0\fs22 {\pntext\tab}{The AHU shall operate as first stage of heat.}\par\li1440{\pntext\tab}{If the supply air temperature from the AHU is above the space temperature setpoint}\par\li2160{\pntext\tab}{The zone controller shall modulate its damper between the minimum and maximum heating position as needed to maintain space temperature setpoint.}\par\li1440{\pntext\tab}{If the supply air temperature from the AHU is not sufficient to heat the room the zone damper shall be set at minimum heating position.}\par\li1440{\pntext\tab}{The reheat coil shall operate as the next stage of heating to maintain space temperature setpoint.}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{The perimeter heating baseboard shall operate as the last stage of heating to maintain space temperature setpoint.}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{If both a reheat coil and a perimeter heating baseboard are present, the user shall be able to select which heating source takes priority to provide additional heating.}\par}{\b {\pard\fs0{\pard\fs11\sb40\par}{\pard\fs31Cooling\sb40\par}{\pard\fs5\sb40\par}\sb40\par}}{{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa40\sl276\slmult1\lang22\f0\fs22 {\pntext\tab}{If the supply air temperature from the AHU is below the space temperature setpoint}\par\li1440{\pntext\tab}{The damper shall modulate between the minimum and maximum position to maintain space temperature cooling setpoint.}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{If the supply air temperature from the AHU is above the space temperature setpoint}\par\li1440{\pntext\tab}{The damper shall stay at minimum position.}\par}{\b {\pard\fs0{\pard\fs11\sb40\par}{\pard\fs31Hot Air Detection\sb40\par}{\pard\fs5\sb40\par}\sb40\par}}{{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa40\sl276\slmult1\lang22\f0\fs22 {\pntext\tab}{A duct inlet temperature value received from the network shall detect the air temperature being supplied to the zone and evaluate whether inlet temperature is suitable for heating or cooling the space.}\par}{\b {\pard\fs0{\pard\fs11\sb40\par}{\pard\fs31Setpoints:\sb40\par}{\pard\fs5\sb40\par}\sb40\par}}{{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa40\sl276\slmult1\lang22\f0\fs22 {\pntext\tab}{Unoccupied Cooling Setpoint (UnoccCoolSP): 27 \u176?C (adj.)}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{Standby Cooling Setpoint (StandbyCoolSP):: 25.5 \u176?C (adj.)}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{Occupied Cooling Setpoint (OccCoolSP): 23.5 \u176?C (adj.)}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{Unoccupied Heating Setpoint (UnoccHeatSP): 18.5 \u176?C (adj.)}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{Standby Heating Setpoint (StandbyHeatSP): 20 \u176?C (adj.)}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{Occupied Heating Setpoint (OccHeatSP): 21.5 \u176?C (adj.)}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{Effective Space Temperature Setpoint (EffectSP)}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{Minimum Damper Position Setpoint (MinDampSP): 15%}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{Cooling Maximum Damper Position Setpoint (MaxCoolDampSP): 100%}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{Heating Minimum Damper Position Setpoint (MinHeatDampSP): 25%}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{Heating Maximum Damper Position Setpoint (MaxHeatDampSP): 100%}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{Standby Minimum Damper Position Setpoint (MinDampStbySP): 15%}\par\li720{\pntext\tab}{Unoccupied Minimum Damper Position Setpoint (MinDampUnoccSP): 0%}\par}{\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20{\fs4\~}\sb200\par\pard}{\b {\pard\fs0{\pard\fs20\sb40\par}{\pard\fs45Builder Selections\sb40\par}{\pard\fs11\sb40\par}\sb40\par}}{\pard This program was made using the following selections in Builder\sb40\par}{\pard {\b Units:} Metric\sb40\par}{\pard {\b Controllers:} ECY-STAT-Z\sb40\par}{\pard {\b Equipment Type:} Zone Unit\sb40\par}{\pard {\b Room Temperature:} ECY-STAT Internal Sensor\sb40\par}{\pard {\b Sensor Setpoint Type:} Single Setpoint\sb40\par}{\pard {\b Zone Damper:} 0-10Vdc\sb40\par}{\pard {\b Reheat:} Single Stage\sb40\par}{\pard {\b Reheat Output:} On-Off\sb40\par}{\pard {\b Perimeter Heat:} Single Stage\sb40\par}{\pard {\b Perimeter Output:} On-Off\sb40\par}{\pard {\b Discharge Temperature:} 10k Type 2\sb40\par}{\pard {\b Outdoor Temperature:} None\sb40\par}{\pard {\b Duct Inlet:} Analog Value Write from Remote\sb40\par}{\pard {\b Shedding:} None\sb40\par}}